Do it
From New Delhi to Kanyakumari
we all have a treasure trove of mountains Especially when it comes to following
rules and not wearing helmets
Our beach is full of strange vehicles
[Music]
And who can understand this better than the traffic police of our country Sonal
is using Aloe Vera Ghee there is better
[Music]
Emergency is necessary
A police
team
[Music]
For Anna's safety, this is for you That for
many years we have been ignoring a simple thing
Our traffic
police would have given an excuse to the murderers Not
wearing helmets, but revision of wearing it is difficult
Your safety Yes, you are safe,
country is safe and
Jai Ho
[Music]
Ki A